Add new quickstart doc (#552)
project-codeflare/codeflare-operator: Quick-Start.md

6. Click on **Add machine pool** to finalize the creation of your new GPU-enabled machine pool.

After adding the machine pool, OpenShift will begin provisioning the new GPU worker
node. This process can take a few minutes. Once completed, the new node will be ready to handle GPU-accelerated workloads.

> [!NOTE]
> The `g4dn.xlarge` instance type is used for GPU worker nodes. Ensure this instance type meets your application needs or select another as required.

## Automatic deployment for developers

As a quick alternative to the following manual deployment steps an automatic _Makefile_
script can be used to deploy the CodeFlare stack. This script also deploys the prerequisite
operators and the entire CodeFlare stack up to the step
[Configure Kueue for Task Scheduling](#configure-kueue-for-task-scheduling).
This will give you a fresh install of all the components. To use this script,
clone the repo and execute:

1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/project-codeflare/codeflare-operator.git
cd codeflare-operator
```

2. Run the Makefile script

```bash
make all-in-one
```

> [!TIP]
> Execute `make help` to list additional available operations.

> ## Red Hat OpenShift AI

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it is clear that this is an alternative to using `make all-in-one` rather than further instructions

### Installing the Operators

Both the NFD and the NVIDIA GPU Operators can be installed from the OperatorHub.
Detailed steps for installation and configuration are provided in the NVIDIA
documentation, which can be accessed [here](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-operator/openshift/steps-overview.html#high-level-steps).

1. **Open the OpenShift dashboard.**
2. Navigate to **OperatorHub**.
3. Search for and install the following operators (default settings are fine):
   - **Node Feature Discovery Operator**
   - **NVIDIA GPU Operator**

### Configure the Node Feature Discovery Operator

After installing the Node Feature Discovery Operator, you need to create a Node Feature Discovery Custom Resource (CR). You can use the default settings for this CR:

1. Create the Node Feature Discovery CR in the dashboard.
2. Several pods will start in the `openshift-nfd` namespace (which is the default).
   Wait for all these pods to become operational. Once active, your nodes will be
   labeled with numerous feature flags, indicating that the operator is functioning
   correctly.

### Configure the NVIDIA GPU Operator

> Post installation of the NVIDIA GPU Operator, proceed with creating a GPU ClusterPolicy Custom Resource (CR):

Reviewer: Nit pick
```suggestion
After installing the NVIDIA GPU Operator, proceed with creating a GPU ClusterPolicy Custom Resource (CR):
```

1. Create the GPU ClusterPolicy CR through the dashboard.
2. This action will trigger several pods to start in the NVIDIA GPU namespace.

> [!NOTE]
> These pods may take some time to become operational as they compile the necessary drivers.

## Configure Kueue for Task Scheduling

Kueue is used for managing and scheduling task workflows in your cluster. To configure Kueue in your environment, follow the detailed steps provided

1. Install Kueue resources, namely Cluster Queue, Resource Flavor, and Local Queue:
   - Visit [Kueue Resources configuration](https://github.com/project-codeflare/codeflare-sdk/blob/main/docs/setup-kueue.md)

## Launch a Jupyter Notebook Instance

After setting up the Data Science Cluster components, you can start using the Jupyter notebooks for your data science projects. Here’s how to launch a Jupyter notebook:

1. Access the RHOAI Dashboard:
   - Navigate to the Open Data Hub dashboard within your OpenShift web console.

> 2. Launch Jupyter Application:

Reviewer: Do we want users to create a data science project first? and launch the notebook from a workbench instead of bypassing this step

   - Find the Jupyter application card and click on Launch Application. This action will direct you to the notebook spawner page.
3. Select Your Notebook Image:
   - On the notebook spawner page, select Standart Data Science from the list of available notebook images.

## Submit your first job

We can now go ahead and submit our first distributed model training job to our cluster.

This can be done from any python based environment, including a script or a jupyter notebook. For this guide, we'll assume you've selected the "Jupyter Data Science" from the list of available images on your notebook spawner page.

### Clone the demo code

Once your notebook environment is ready, in order to test our CodeFlare stack we will want to run through some of the demo notebooks provided by the CodeFlare community. So let's start by cloning their repo into our working environment.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/project-codeflare/codeflare-sdk

> cd codeflare-sdk

Reviewer: You could add a link here to instructions for installing codeflare sdk, maybe linking to the sdk [readme](https://github.com/project-codeflare/codeflare-sdk?tab=readme-ov-file#development) or add the instructions here
```suggestion
cd codeflare-sdk
pip install poetry
poetry install
```

```

### Run the Guided Demo Notebooks

> Get started with the guided demo notebooks for the CodeFlare-SDK by following these straightforward steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get started with the guided demo notebooks for the CodeFlare-SDK by following these steps:
```

1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/project-codeflare/codeflare-operator.git
cd codeflare-operator
```

2. Run the Makefile script

```bash
make all-in-one
```

> [!TIP]
> Execute `make help` to list additional available operations.

### Next Steps After Automatic Deployment

After the automatic deployment is complete, you can proceed directly to the section [Configure Kueue for Task Scheduling](#configure-kueue-for-task-scheduling) to finish setting up your environment.

## Red Hat OpenShift AI

This Quick Start guide assumes that you have administrator access to an OpenShift cluster and an existing Red Hat OpenShift AI (RHOAI) installation with version **>2.9** is present on your cluster. But the quick step to install RHOAI is as follows:

1. Using the OpenShift web console, navigate to **Operators** -> **OperatorHub**.
2. Search for `Red Hat OpenShift AI`.
3. Install it using the `fast` channel.

### Configure Data Science Components

After the installation of the Red Hat OpenShift AI Operator, proceed to configure the necessary components for data science work:

1. From the OpenShift web console, navigate to the installed RHOAI Operator.

> 2. Look for tab labeled DSC Initialization.

Reviewer: I think that the DSCI is created while RHOAI is being installed and doesn't need to be created manually. Maybe double check this and have it as optional here - if it has not already been created.

### Clone the demo code

Once your notebook environment is ready, in order to test our CodeFlare stack we will want to run through some of the demo notebooks provided by the CodeFlare community. So let's start by cloning their repo into our working environment.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/project-codeflare/codeflare-sdk
cd codeflare-sdk
```

For further development guidelines and instructions on setting up your development environment for codeflare-sdk, please refer to the [CodeFlare SDK README](https://github.com/project-codeflare/codeflare-sdk?tab=readme-ov-file#development).

### Run the Guided Demo Notebooks

Get started with the guided demo notebooks for the CodeFlare-SDK by following these steps:

1. Access Your Jupyter Notebook Server:
2. Update Your Notebook with Access Token and Server Details:
   - Retrieve your OpenShift access token by selecting your username in the console, choosing "Copy Login Command", and then "Display Token".
   - Open your desired demo notebook from the `codeflare-sdk/demo-notebooks/guided-demos` directory.
   - Update the notebook with your access token and server details and run the demos.

> ## Cleaning up the AI Platform Install

Reviewer: I think we should include both uninstallation scenarios - removal with delete-all-in-one and uninstallation through installed operators in openshift, just to be consistent.

2. Search for `Open Data Hub Operator`.
3. Install it using the `fast` channel.

### Configure Data Science Components

After the installation of the Open Data Hub Operator, proceed to configure the necessary components for data science work:

1. From the OpenShift web console, navigate to the installed Open Data Hub Operator.
2. Look for tab labeled Data Science Cluster.
3. Locate `Create DataScienceCluster` and create one.
4. Look for tab labeled DSC Initialization.
5. Locate `Create DSCInitialization` and create one.

## Preparing Your Cluster for GPU Workloads

To leverage GPU-enabled workloads on your OpenShift cluster, you need to install both the Node Feature Discovery (NFD) Operator and the NVIDIA GPU Operator.

### Installing the Operators

Both the NFD and the NVIDIA GPU Operators can be installed from the OperatorHub.
Detailed steps for installation and configuration are provided in the NVIDIA
documentation, which can be accessed [here](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-operator/openshift/steps-overview.html#high-level-steps).

1. **Open the OpenShift dashboard.**
2. Navigate to **OperatorHub**.

> 3. Search for and install the following operators:

Reviewer 3: We could specify here to install and that default settings are fine
